CNV-72939: Updated notes about public cloud support (#116054)
openshift/openshift-docs: virt/vm_networking/virt-networking-overview.adoc

image:darkcircle-3.png[20,20] The default pod network provides connectivity between all its members, service abstraction, IP management, micro segmentation, and other functionality.

[NOTE]
====
When deploying VM networks on public clouds, you can choose between two main solutions:

* The default pod network: The standard out-of-the-box configuration.

> * Primary layer 2 user-defined network (Recommended): This approach provides a flat layer 2 network for VMs, sticky IP addresses, and direct east-west connectivity.

Reviewer: Third option would be https://docs.okd.io/4.20/virt/vm_networking/virt-connecting-vm-to-ovn-secondary-network.html

> In both cases, egress traffic relies on Network Address Translation (NAT) and ingress traffic requires load balancer services integrated with the cloud provider's native load balancers.

Reviewer: In the third case, there is no egress. So maybe we should show the third option only after this

image:darkcircle-3.png[20,20] The default pod network provides connectivity between all its members, service abstraction, IP management, micro segmentation, and other functionality.

[NOTE]
====
When deploying VM networks on public clouds, you can choose from the following solutions:

* The default pod network: The standard out-of-the-box configuration.
* Primary layer 2 user-defined network (Recommended): This approach provides a flat layer 2 network for VMs, sticky IP addresses, and direct east-west connectivity.

> * Secondary layer 2 user-defined network (UDN): This approach provides an isolated layer 2 overlay network to connect VMs on different nodes, without configuring any additional physical networking infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Secondary layer 2 network attachment definition (NAD): This approach provides an isolated layer 2 overlay network to connect VMs on different nodes, without configuring any additional physical networking infrastructure.
```

Our current documentation (and tests) use the older API, we are not covering this feature through UDNs.

> For all scenarios, ingress traffic requires load balancer services integrated with the cloud provider's native load balancers. Egress traffic on the default pod network and the primary UDN relies on Network Address Translation (NAT). The layer 2 secondary UDN has no egress routing.

Reviewer: Only the first two scenarios can get ingress.

[IMPORTANT]
====
The following features are not supported on {product-rosa}, {azure-short}, {product-dedicated}, {gcp-first}, and {oci-first}:

* Connecting VMs directly to the underlay network

> * Using Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) to allow direct routing to VMs

Reviewer: Now we can also add EVPN
